Rule update: `iframe` element has accessible name (cae760) (#1322)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/iframe-non-empty-accessible-name-cae760.md

---
id: cae760

> name: '`iframe` element has an accessible name'

Reviewer: Why are you reverting this?

rule_type: atomic
description: |

>   This rule checks that each `iframe` element has an accessible name.

Reviewer: Why are you reverting this?

## Applicability

The rule applies to `iframe` elements that are [included in the accessibility tree][] and that can be accessed by [sequential focus navigation][].

**Note:** `frame` element is deprecated, this rule does not consider `frame` or `frameset` elements.

## Expectation

Each target element has an [accessible name][] that is not empty (`""`).

> **Note:** This rule does not verify if a given [accessible name][] describes the purpose of the element.

Reviewer: Why are you adding back this note?

## Accessibility Support

- Some browsers include `iframe` elements in the [sequential focus navigation][]. This ensures that the contents of `iframe` element can be scrolled and accessed by using the keyboard. When an `iframe` is removed from the accessibility tree, this rule is still applicable for those browsers, unless the `iframe` is explicitly removed from [sequential focus navigation][] (by having the `tabindex` attribute set to a negative value).

- Browser and assistive technology support for `iframe` elements is currently **inconsistent**. Some examples of inconsistencies include (but is not limited to):
  - Assistive technologies being set up to ignore the `title` attribute, which means that to some users the `title` attribute will not act as an [accessible name][],
  - There is a known combination of a popular browser and assistive technology that ignores `aria-label` and only announces `title` attribute as an [accessible name][]

>   - Some assistive technologies ignore empty `iframe` elements from [sequential focus navigation][].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Some assistive technologies remove empty `iframe` elements from [sequential focus navigation][].
```
"ignore from" doesn't sound good.

## Accessibility Support

> - Some browsers include `iframe` elements in the [sequential focus navigation][]. This ensures that the contents of `iframe` element can be scrolled and accessed by using the keyboard. When an `iframe` is removed from the accessibility tree, this rule is still applicable for those browsers, unless the `iframe` is explicitly removed from [sequential focus navigation][] (by having the `tabindex` attribute set to a negative value).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Some browsers include `iframe` elements in the [sequential focus navigation][]. This ensures that the contents of `iframe` elements can be scrolled and accessed by using the keyboard. When an `iframe` is removed from the accessibility tree, this rule is still applicable for those browsers, unless the `iframe` is explicitly removed from [sequential focus navigation][] (by having the `tabindex` attribute set to a negative value).
```

> - Browser and assistive technology support for `iframe` elements is currently **inconsistent**. Some examples of inconsistencies include (but is not limited to):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Browser and assistive technology support for `iframe` elements is currently **inconsistent**. Some examples of inconsistencies include (but are not limited to):
```

  - Assistive technologies being set up to ignore the `title` attribute, which means that to some users the `title` attribute will not act as an [accessible name][],
  - There is a known combination of a popular browser and assistive technology that ignores `aria-label` and only announces `title` attribute as an [accessible name][]

>   - Some assistive technologies remove empty `iframe` elements from [sequential focus navigation][].

Reviewer 3: This is inaccurate. AT don't have control over the sequential focus navigation. You could say this though:
```suggestion
  - Some assistive technologies ignore empty `iframe` elements, regardless of if they are focusable of if they have an accessible name.
```

>   - Some assistive technologies ignore empty `iframe` elements, regardless of if they are focusable of if they have an accessible name.

Reviewer 4: Shouldn't the last point have "or" instead of "of"? "...regardless of if they are focusable **of** if they have...".

This `iframe` element gets its [accessible name][] from the `title` attribute.

```html

> <iframe title="List of some popular Disney characters" src="/test-assets/SC4-1-2-frame-doc.html"> </iframe>

Reviewer 3: We should keep company names out of our work.

```

#### Passed Example 2

This `iframe` element gets its [accessible name][] from the `aria-label` attribute.

```html
<iframe aria-label="List of some popular Disney characters" src="/test-assets/SC4-1-2-frame-doc.html"> </iframe>
```

#### Passed Example 3

This `iframe` element gets its [accessible name][] from the content of the `div` referenced with the `aria-labelledby` attribute.

```html
<div id="frame-title-helper">List of some popular Disney characters</div>
<iframe aria-labelledby="frame-title-helper" src="/test-assets/SC4-1-2-frame-doc.html"> </iframe>
```

#### Passed Example 4

This `iframe` element gets its [accessible name][] from the `title` attribute. Note, that specifying a positive `tabindex` value only alters the order of the [sequential focus navigation][], and as such the `iframe` element can be accessed through keyboard navigation.

```html
<iframe title="List of some popular Disney characters" src="/test-assets/SC4-1-2-frame-doc.html" tabindex="5"> </iframe>
```

> 

Reviewer 3: I don't think this example is necessary.

#### Inapplicable Example 2

This `iframe` is not [included in the accessibility tree][] because of setting a style of `display: none;`.

```html
<iframe style="display:none;" src="/test-assets/SC4-1-2-frame-doc.html"></iframe>
```

#### Inapplicable Example 3

> This `iframe` element has a negative `tabindex` and therefore is not accessible via [sequential focus navigation][].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This `iframe` element has a negative `tabindex` and therefore is not included in the [sequential focus navigation][].
```
